[Music]
I'm
condemned by her own mother,
internal rage
[Applause]
again, no,
this is exactly what it is, literally,
love me first, for me, Rocío
Carrasco
has never prioritized
the moment she had a new partner, she has
never prioritized
her motherhood, her life as a mother, for me
in my opinion, she has always ended
her new relationship, in her life as a boyfriend,
we traveled or we came, we entered, I am alone
with a bike, with a bike, that motherhood, I'm
leaving the commission here, I'm leaving with
my children, now my son is ahead, there
are no days ahead, Fidel, and then my
uncles,
Sofia, thank you for renewing, she
has a grudge against him, Antonia Bi, and a hatred, and
the statesmen are stubborn with
Antonio, weak, and I believe that Fidel does
too, because of what Karmele said, okay,
let's remember what Karmele said,
now I'm going to put it, but I believe that
she takes it to make it
that air, she takes it to the plant, whoever it is for
a day, Antonio Davis, if she has to
take it to make them less  Fidel takes
him
and if it cost him whatever it is whatever it is I would
n't mind that that's how it is and I
still
want to take my life
the branch came or looking up
the radish came looking up
look at the face of the one praised the
father
at the moment
while telling well well you
're there debating standing up for
Rosa Carrasco all day long like it's like they
're telling me
like you're telling me but if you're there
all day long standing up why
were you even getting angry with
Antonio Rossi because to have him if he
told the truth about what I hear
but look at what you're being the
truth
living and our condemned by his own
mother talking
to that person on that path takes her
away
[Applause]
I want to take my life for
and I
lose everything it's that as is or rather you are
supposed to have experienced
physical aggressions that leave you on the
beach and you have to go back with the whole
street for a belly walking alone that
put your
hair where they have to give no  you
miss the contempt with which Isabel and
listens to Raquel's story like someone who
hears it raining in their face
but what you have lived through
a lot of episodes of cheating
a lot of times being
pregnant it turns you on and you want to commit
suicide
or rather so insulted every time you went to
pick up the children or every time they came
to pick him up your mother has died
your father is dead in an accident don't you
wait
the father died in a
car accident how did the father die that I always
always make mistakes about that the father
died in a car accident it wasn't
in the family I
always tell myself the same as always I believe it
because I always believe that it is one because of the
heart attack but because I am always wrong
about the car accident because he had
a car accident no
but because I am always wrong in the
next car accident it
always happens to me because he had a
serious accident no
what he said the car is already doing s
in the serious accident he always arrives he sees it I do
n't know why I don't
know why I
always mix up the story but well
the father dies with a heart attack the
mother dies of cancer and you want to commit
suicide because  your daughter because you see that
your daughter goes down to Big Brother to defend the
father as a contestant
but it means that the daughter is going to
defend him against her, she is not going to
defend him from Big Brother
at least not
Rabago as she puts herself in range looking for a
male this is sure that there is more that
frees
today in life is Viva la Vida is
here with you and supporting María Patiño the
level says today in Viva la Vida we have
learned from the hand of Dr.
Raquel Bollo and that is a penny and
denier of gender violence
Raquel Bollo where do they have to give and
that her son never tells them by
name what
yesterday those
deniers of gender violence to
Raquel Boyo man these people already call
the shareholder if you don't believe Rocío
Carrasco in the denier even if you
are a victim of abuse
even if you are a victim of treatment but
the owner of gender violence of
Rocío Carrasco
are a spectacle are
a spectacle these people
but I'll allow you to repeat
what happened to my daughter the reason is once does not
40 times life is missing our
lines alone if not that or those girls do not
have
and to live and not be condemned by their
own mother speaking of rage sorry to
read but allow me to
repeat what happened to my daughter to tell
once it is not necessary 40 times but now
this line has only been that or that
girl comes to us from far away
[Music]
but no or where do they have to give you
want a clip from 19 with which you will
enjoy
so that if I want it to achieve it
your town all
look is with the avatar let's see what
the show they are giving says Diego
Arrabal Kiko Matamoros
Marisa Martin is from the guard court
Anabel Nar Triviño
look at her
and the day that I spoke well of Anabela the
tribilín I told well who defends
as they defend her the things that she covers
half
but not where those of
Raquel have been left it will not have something to do with the
frog face operation as they already went to
Benito's house maybe Raquel was also
a frog face file folder
and she no longer has a face screaming in fear of
speaking
26  I do
n't know
[Music]
Mind you,
the people who today are putting on a medal,
the people who are putting on
medals today for defending abuse, have
been my directors
and they have brought a man
against me. This is where
the television factory doesn't
care about gender violence, it makes a
business out of
gender violence, but sometimes, thank you very much, people,
people like this, good people like
this, like the ship attributed people like
this in the pink coat
defending them from the television factory
as if they were really doing
work against gender violence and how,
but those people don't care about
gender violence,
they aren't aware of it, they're not trying to raise
awareness or anything,
Saleh defines this well for me this year and with
that speech and that's it. I
am the mother of Rocío Flores and I am
supporting the vid,
putting on a face, but she is not capable of
responding with logic.
By Antonio David, but I will not allow you
to repeat what happened to my daughter
so that she doesn't arrive. Lack of education,
this has not been that, or that girl has no
right to live, and our condemned
by her own hand.
Sorry for the anger to the previous one.  on the one
hand but for me Rocío Carrasco apart from
everything that another suffered who has a
war and an internal rage towards that
person who needs first
María Patiño to
do that exercise the 3 Jose Antonio
the one with the documentation notebook of
knowing why the hell haven't they done that
because they have decided to look the other way
who is not
interested in the one who has no empathy who are
still listening to
my colleagues I still listen to
my colleagues let's listen to
Rocío Flores' version for god I ask you please that it
was written since
March 2016 by we
took away you and I did not take her life
but
forgive me
and this little message that the little message that they
put in tone if there has been mistreatment
descends to a person who has been
mistreated that there has to be but more
put to give kind of message only
the messages that feminists send her
the messages that
feminists send her who are like that and literal that
those sites I
mean
that we know and it's that the message that they
put of how yes there has been mistreatment
descends to
a person who has been mistreated who
had to  having hit more since giving
class messages or what you defend to
one
that's how they are mother day
t
is that she doesn't care about
gender violence a [ __ ] [ __ ] is that
nothing matters of course olga is an
accomplice but carmen gaona puts her
face to face so that she debates with
raquel bollo
that I review has given them
point present
[Music]
wow
and
but to say that it's clearer than water but if you do
n't have to look if it's not that they have
taken raquel bollo to her abuser
to do a face to face in a debate and they
go against the table in taking reality he
took them to àngel mmmm that's not
that pp navarro has a sentence of punishment
barro has a sentence that is from the
time and date
of the times in which rociíto
is telling this experience and pp
navarro has a sentence and they were
negotiating with him to make a documentary
to throw [ __ ] at him ivonne reyes
and carlota corredera was talking to
him for 20 minutes that it's not that they have no
shame it's that to me it's no longer  that they have no
shame
anymore is not that they have no shame anymore is
not that they have no shame it's that
what they defend is those who are
supporting people like Carlota Corredera
that
when I see YouTube it's Twitter
or people from Twitter
applauding Carlota Corredera and
praising Treviño as if they were a
champion of reason, champion of
violence against women, eyes like that make
my balls fall out how she
holds a towel
I would like to bring Anabel
Night Triviño here and tell you
yourselves if I will find her in an
interview with a bye something like that that they
do or where you can ask her
ask her to her face and she has to
answer hey Ana
had to put Carlota Corredera on an
altar against sexist violence
what do you think about the fact that Carlota
Corredera herself was the director of the
program and they wanted to put Raquel Bollo face to
face in the debate on the program
with her ex-husband
or what do you think about the fact that your friend Cal Nota
Corredera the other day spent 20 minutes
talking
[Music]
with  Pepe Navarro who has a sentence
or what do you think about the
TV factory where you've been working
Anabella El Trivigno has been
working for a few months The
White Took thinks that the
TV factory will come that you have been working
in that in that production company Anabella
Triviño what do you think that they were
negotiating with Pepe Navarro
a docuseries to throw [ __ ] at
Ivonne Reyes Tuc thinks Anabel Triviño is
that I would love to see her answer
I would love to see her answer
if the 6 those questions in Arenal
Triviño you know what she's going to answer you I
know her very well all
her girls everyone around her
if the intake ask to sell
Triviño at some point
if you do it through the network or is she going to block
because they only want an
echo chamber in which only the
reality that suits them exists and the
testimonies that suit them
because they are businesses and schools point
interests okay victims they don't give
a [ __ ] [ __ ] okay if they ask her the
question on networks  she's not going to answer and
the six in other direct areas
programs or whatever she's going to tell you
denialists or harassers harassers
sexists assessment to
say she's
never going to answer she's
never going to answer
because the answer would be well that we're
hypocrites and we don't give a
[ __ ] [ __ ] the victims we're
a [ __ ] [ __ ] of hypocrisy
we're a [ __ ] [ __ ] no sorry that doesn't
mean we have a [ __ ] [ __ ] of
hypocrisy that draws me we
have a [ __ ] [ __ ] of hypocrisy
we had to find what we found
before the line from the mother to the father
business and school everything and wash the image
of some and others and that's what is
used they
use feminism and they use
real victims and a hairspray like
gender violence they use it to
wash the face of their colleagues
so that they look good according to which colleagues
they're interested it did
n't reach me anymore I'm still ahead
of me
but for that you have to love your
children
for that you have to love your children
and now they're messing
with Raquel's clothes bun
ballet look
how tidy Raquel's clothes  ball is
that they enter into one thing and the one of
truth
[Music]